i want to report my wife
missing and where did she go missing
from
he lost sir in king's world he has
outsiders disease and what's her name
i'm severely partially excited it's
always been
a problem that she would walk away and
when i could see it was never a problem
for me
but now i can't um see
more than arm's length yeah
we've been together 62 years we were
married in 1958.
she's always been
my life i noticed that she was becoming
forgetful and it noticeably got worse
until seven years ago we had the full
diagnosis that she
got dementia and
from there it's been a fairly downhill
ride is she going to be able to find her
way home if she
wanted to no no she's not going to
remember where she lives while she's in
this state if she got
even if she got into the door yeah she
wouldn't be able to come to you
well she can't really hold a
conversation she can't hold a
conversation that's why
she's so vulnerable
had sheila on camera for quite a period
of time and we were able to show where
she had gone
and then it was as if she had just
disappeared
it's possible that she's entered the
regal at 13
bruno can you check the regal
yeah south of the regal confirmed she
was in there
she's with another female about the same
age with the red coat on when they left
together
she got any friends in gloucester
because she might have been in the regal
with somebody and have you seen
anything as of yet no she has only
friends that she has in gloucester
all live here
cctv attracts her walking from northgate
street
she's then had fish and chips and a
drink
and then she left with another lady
alarm bells do start ringing why issues
with that person
is it a member of the public trying to
help are they trying to be friendly or
is it somebody spotting the signs that
they should vulnerable and they've
they've seen an opportunity to take
advantage
2375 i'm looking at the legal cctv now
[Music]
where that confusion has come from is
that staff thought she was with
a female in there but actually they were
looking at
the completely wrong people so whoever
they're looking at did i have fish and
chips and a cup of tea but
it actually wasn't our misfire she's
been in there on her own it's confirmed
that she's left
on her own since she has a dark brown
bag um in her left hand
uh she leaves at 13 38
and goes left towards chambers it's been
a massive red herring
it has set his back and now we're even
further behind sheila than we were
before
we've checked the abbey doctors on
escape street
train station's been checked train
station hospital has been checked
hospital stagecoach i can't understand
how
she just disappears
i had to walk through the dogs through
all the boat yards
[Music]
of the missing lady
we might
the worst case scenario is always if it
ends up
as a false sighting that is definitely
worrying
because that's when you start thinking
the worst but hoping for the best
they confirm we've seen there at chad
[Music]
john they've just confirmed it is sheila
it was a huge relief for all the right
reasons a bus driver
has kindly let her on to the bus
it's obviously done for the right
reasons you can't can't criticize
everyone
it just made our search that potentially
made our shirts
that much harder my wondering
where have you been uh i've been so
worried about
you come on any cake
potato and you can't if you don't want
kate you've been drinking in the
hospital coffee
i was kidding you why one concerned i'm
so happy yeah can you sit down there
well i don't know i've never done it yet
do you want this shot or wrong no
yes no it's no joy people used to say to
me how do you cope doing all this day
and night
it's my great difficulty but it's love
it's
care it's the fact that she
was and still is the most important
thing in my life
i don't throw that away readily